Now, let's talk about the next topic which is code coverage.
It is important that your test tests as much of your code as possible.
So the amount of code your test tests is known as the code coverage.
So let's say that you have 20 lines of code that you have written in
a particular class and you have written tests which only touch five lines,
what is the percentage of code coverage here?
The code coverage in that case is 25 percent.
I'm going to use this test class to find the coverage.
So this is the option, run with coverage.
Okay. Now this white section is the important section here.
I'm going to expand this so that you can take a good look at this, all ready.
So this tells us that 33 percent of the classes,
10 percent in the method,
and 2 percent in the lines is the code coverage.
So it helps us to identify what is the percentage
of code coverage you have at every level.
Now in your e-commerce application final test,
you would be asked to provide 80 percent of the code coverage,
and that will be a very good exercise for you to complete and find the code coverage.